feat(no-unlocalized-strings): add ignoreMethodsOnTypes option (#58)
lingui/eslint-plugin: docs/rules/no-unlocalized-strings.md

Use additional Typescript type information. Requires [typed linting](https://typescript-eslint.io/getting-started/typed-linting/) to be setup.

> Will automatically exclude some built-in methods such as `Map` and `Set`
> and also cases where string literal is used as typescript constant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Will automatically exclude some built-in methods such as `Map` and `Set`, and also cases where a string literal is used as a TypeScript constant:
```

```

By default, the following properties are ignored: `className`, `styleName`, `type`, `id`, `width`, `height`, `displayName`

### ignoreMethodsOnTypes

> Leverage power of Typescript to exclude methods defined on specific types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Leverage the power of TypeScript to exclude methods defined on specific types.
```

> Note: You need to set `useTsTypes: true` to use this
> 
> The method to exclude defined as a `Type.method`. Where type and method matched by name.
> 
> Examples of correct code for the `{ "ignoreMethodsOnTypes": ["Foo.bar"], "useTsTypes": true }` option:
> 
> ```ts
> interface Foo {
>   get: (key: string) => string
> }
> 
> const foo: Foo
> 
> foo.get('string with a spaces')
> ```
> 
> By default, the following methods ate ignored: `Map.get`, `Map.has`, `Set.has`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: You must set `useTsTypes: true` to use this option.

The method to be excluded is defined as a `Type.method`. The type and method match by name here.

Examples of correct code for the `{ "ignoreMethodsOnTypes": ["Foo.bar"], "useTsTypes": true }` option:

```ts
interface Foo {
  get: (key: string) => string
}

const foo: Foo

foo.get('string with a spaces')
```

The following methods are ignored by default: `Map.get`, `Map.has`, `Set.has`.
```
